Read my grocery list.
Send an email to my boss.
Can you erase the haircut I have scheduled for friday.
Locate me the amazon restaurants.
What are my current list.
Today I searched all over for my phone and couldn't find it.
Remove the second row from the list.
Order one pizza from pizza hut.
Tell me the weather this week.
Please remind me to call mom in half an hour.
What's been happening for the last two months.
I wish to know the weather in san fransico.
Tweet that there was an insect in the chocolate packet.
Go back to the last episode in this podcast.
Olly do they deliver home.
Go on sweet talk me.
Do I have any alarms set for six am tomorrow.
Will I need an umbrella this week.
Let me know any new emails I've received.
What is eastern standard time right noe.
When was last academy award winning movie.
Have I received new emails in the last ten minutes.
Play for me the game harry potter and the chamber of secrets.
Do I have anything set for the fourth of july this year.
Could you please create a pandora channel for adele.
Play the twilight book.
Tell me some business news.
What is the traffic situation at the bazaar highway.
Do not make any noise until morning alarm.
Please play the notebook audio.
Set my alarm for twelve pm.
Play my midnight love playlist.
Where was will ferrell seen last night.
I want it to remember my preferences and recommend me things based on them when I ask.
What is the nearest pizza shop.
Tell me today's date.
Show me a video on cooking fried chicken.
What degree is it outside.
Look up the map to stores near me.
Check for all the movie theater prices and availability for a newly released movie in my location.
What is the highest rated movie now out.
Alexa remove dinner with mike from my calendar.
Do I have a date on friday.
Remove birthday from calendar.
Wipe everything on my calendar.
Add a meeting at the office with brian for three pm on tuesday.
Which film the music comes from what is the name of the music.
Turn off the lamps.
Please add practice on feb four at king's park at two pm.
It must be taste.
Play the last doctor who radio broadcast.
Check for emails from steve.
I like senatra songs.
What movies are out this week.
I would need to be notified of church services on sundays at eleven am.
Is there any news about the presidency.
Has anyone follow me today on twitter today.
What is the definition of logic.
Show me the best recipe for spaghetti.
Disable alarm for three pm.
Cut down the volume.
Play one more time.
Wanna netflix and chill.
Turn my morning alarm on.
Don't speak for an hour.
Open the radio app.
What is the location of moldova.
Olly turn the light off in the living room.
Front page news articles please.
What is the forecast for saturday.
Please add my pay days.
What is the current state of the investigation into trump's ties with russia.
I want a meeting till three o clock.
When's mark lanegan's next album out.
What is the first metro to dc.
What's on the radio right now.
Olly play music from the jazz genre.
Show me my meeting for the next month.
Display list of recent emails.
Whats the current weather.
Read me the latest new york times headlines.
Play my playlist starting from the bottom.
What time is it in austin.
Is this program is scheduled.
Olly tell me the time in g. m. t. plus five.
How's the weather like in new jersey.
I hate this song.
I didn't get the product on time send a tweet to jcpenney.
Calendar event send invite bill malinda.
Which pole is colder south or north.
Look up the definition of blunder.
Tell me the weather in barcelona in two days from now.
Clear out the shopping list.
Did I set an alarm to have tablets in the noon.
Give details of rock sand.
Hey cancel all my other meetings and calls for second march as it is jim's birthday tag it as an event in your calendar.
Can you cook something special for me and my wife.
Current time new york.
What is the current temperature outside.
Remind me on fifth march of every year to arrange wedding anniversary presents.
